those keys to a nigga be walking on boys
too I'm right it's like this life is
like the sweetest thing I can ever know
boxes go thriller Mike Jackson oh you
all I need some fucking red jacket with
some slippers happy no phone either cut
it happen any quick you say nigga but
you get things that you cannot say nigga
damn right okay shut up 12 rech 10 I was
good as your boy young rider this
abortion canvas for me right now we're
on set for the fall for your type cover
remix deserve video you're on stuff for
that right now has been a real exciting
day we've been working on it the whole
day for your Manito and put out the
material good music this video's feel
anything with good content Oh Mickey
yeah we've been working on this for
about five hours now about about that
long so right now we we're not wrapping
up we're actually in the middle of doing
it I'm a pro
so I want to harm in aa
Oh
push their gonna throw up the phone you
can just undo this angle that effort
from you have some hangers to work with
a girl we don't want to
the whole powerful am I also 10 take
advantage of the fact that I good luck
like wonderful take
and that's what we came for like yeah
good stuff yeah we could just like do
the whole song do our doubles right
there tell me do whatever we gotta do
there and then whatever looks best
almost while we edit in the video we
just pick it up with it whatever looks
like I had some adverbs in your purse so
she father yeah we could do it all
together because like we should just do
a tape we just think through the
wholesome my name is Jensen the car that
so certain sense i miss smack a girl and
her face where her mama died she moved
out and I was my I please we wanted out
I Moodle sour cream now it's my place
solman get out my crib for you get
killed my name is laughter the car
caster upright to runaway kite surf
I'm Rick listen all right I got the red
already I mean remedy I got my whole
team recently wrapping me you don't want
to have sex with me that's cool and I
burn that bitch so bad they call the
Miss next degree Liang turtle run I make
these turtles run fuck a horse I am in a
hurdle hun wait isn't that the thing
they jump over there hating cuz my goals
got range like a rover range rover the
game's over you do this name so we're
here to take over the t30 back yeah I
swear this life is like the sweetest
thing I've ever known wait wait somebody
else a new do try to do like 50 cent try
next you Oh
gee Nick just shut up sweet with a strap
off oh all the time what's up my
drumming a little berm are going to
leave appealing to take enjoy
trouble at seven foot tapping in and
cutter when I live full bench I'd like I
like bench that one offense for the
video see know what I'm coming down yet
well then my name is Marcos oh cool cool
look at it look like she was a better
off walking away though she should have
never turned around my name is Lazar the
car there
I'm
I oh so let's pack up then Oh packing up
yeah we packin up
you